#Event 2

Dr Scripto has an offer you can't refuse -  As the one-and-only Chief Resident Administrator and Scripter at your company, he’s realized that this ALSO makes you the Chief Resident Security Investigator. While he starts preparing a budget request for an active security defense infrastructure, he knows that things are in a pretty sad state of affairs. If somebody called today saying that their computer has started acting strangely, you’d be at an investigative loss trying to figure out exactly what's changed.
 
To improve your organization's ability to understand computer security-related investigations, Dr Scripto wants you to write a machine footprinting script. 
 
This script should:
 
- Run as a daily scheduled task
- Extract and log important security data from the machine
- Upload the results to a centralized file share
 
There are lots of great online resources to help understand what is useful in a security incident response ("Threat Intelligence" and "Indicators of Compromise" are two common terms), but a good starting point is:
 
- Folder size and number of files 
- Files: Path, Size, Last Modified, optionally file hash for specified folders
- Shares on the computer
- Installed software
- Running processes
- Running services
- Environmental variables
- Registry entries (especially those associated with "Auto run" functionality, such as HKLM:\software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run) and the software settings in HKLM:\software
 
Your solution should be modular so that different parts can be run on different schedules if required
 
As you implement this footprinting script, here are some design ideas you should keep in mind:
 
- PowerShell excels at manipulating object-based data. If your script simply generates a huge text file, you’ll miss that opportunity.
- Your script should strive for efficiency and try to minimize both system impact and storage requirements.
- Your script should be easy to update. As you learn more about security investigations, it should be easy to add a new information source to your data collection capabilities.
- In many cases, the data generated by your script will contain sensitive information. Your solution should account for that.
 

Assume that you have permissions to the remote machines.
Your code should be production ready with:
- Ability to optionally report on progress
- Full error checking, reporting and handling
- Ability to accept pipeline input where appropriate
- Help is available
- Input is validated

In your entry submission, include a transcript that shows you running the command as described in this scenario.
